a SZ faras management of civilian and military personnel yourself, you
have to distinguish between the civilian personnel contractors, Resilient
said. A lot more invested than the contractors, and the contractors
are only legally bound to their contract. So there are three
players in that in that case, helping you. And the other thing that
you need to know. I understand military they're covered with inside.
The lifelines gets underway. Everyone's underwear. Civilians may or
may not be getting underway with depending upon the size ship, because
there are so civilians, that big deck aiders and on the carriers.
But for the most part, civilian contractors, they're not getting under
way. Good. They're not on the ship spurt. So do you have to understand
what the mission is on? What are they doing? And then situationally?
It's different when you engine shipyard, you enter the shipyard,
you know? Remember when the bow Ross's sil Oh, the shipyard commanding
also don't want responsible? The ship was responsible, of course,
but technically, you know the dry dock. Captain Holden's ship
that point and the contractors are charge of breaking down kids cutting
up the ship. It's stalling new equipment and making that shift better.
So at that point, the contractors become important. Very. During
intubated intermediate maintenance of Elba lose the I am a.